# samsung
com.mygalaxy  # my galaxy
com.aura.oobe.samsung
android.autoinstalls.config.samsung
com.samsung.aasaservice
com.samsung.android.alive.service
com.samsung.android.allshare.service.mediashare
com.samsung.android.app.appsedge
com.samsung.android.app.camera.sticker.facearavatar.preload
com.samsung.android.app.clipboardedge
com.samsung.android.app.cocktailbarservice
com.samsung.android.app.omcagent
com.samsung.android.app.settings.bixby
com.samsung.android.app.taskedge
com.samsung.android.app.watchmanagerstub
com.samsung.android.ardrawing
com.samsung.android.aremoji
com.samsung.android.aremojieditor
com.samsung.android.authfw
com.samsung.android.bbc.bbcagent
com.samsung.android.beaconmanager
com.samsung.android.bixby.agent  # bixby
com.samsung.android.bixbyvision.framework  # bixby
com.samsung.android.bixby.wakeup  # bixby
com.samsung.android.dbsc
com.samsung.android.dqagent
com.samsung.android.easysetup
com.samsung.android.fmm
com.samsung.android.game.gametools
com.samsung.android.ipsgeofence
com.samsung.android.kidsinstaller
com.samsung.android.knox.analytics.uploader
com.samsung.android.knox.attestation
com.samsung.android.knox.containercore
com.samsung.android.knox.kpecore
com.samsung.android.knox.pushmanager
com.samsung.android.knox.zt.framework
com.samsung.knox.securefolder   # secure folder
com.sec.enterprise.knox.cloudmdm.smdms
com.knox.vpn.proxyhandler
com.samsung.android.mapsagent
com.samsung.android.mcfds
com.samsung.android.mdecservice
com.samsung.android.mdm
com.samsung.android.mdx
com.samsung.android.mfi
com.samsung.android.networkdiagnostic
com.samsung.android.peripheral.framework
com.samsung.android.rampart
com.samsung.android.samsungpass  # samsung pass
com.samsung.android.samsungpassautofill  # samsung pass
com.samsung.android.samsungpositioning
com.samsung.android.scloud  # samsung cloud
com.samsung.android.scpm
com.samsung.android.sdm.config
com.samsung.android.service.peoplestripe
com.samsung.android.service.stplatform
com.samsung.android.setupindiaservicestnc
com.samsung.android.shortcutbackupservice
com.samsung.android.smartface.overlay
com.samsung.android.smartswitchassistant  # smart switch
com.samsung.android.spayfw  # samsung pay
com.samsung.android.stickercenter  # stickers
com.samsung.android.svcagent
com.samsung.android.visionintelligence
com.samsung.android.visualars
com.samsung.android.vtcamerasettings
com.samsung.attribution
com.samsung.discover  # discover
com.samsung.discover.sep  # discover
com.samsung.ecomm.global.in
com.samsung.logwriter
com.samsung.oda.service
com.samsung.android.dynamiclock
com.samsung.sec.android.teegris.tui_service
com.samsung.android.themecenter  # theme store
com.samsung.android.themestore   # theme store
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps  # galaxy store
com.samsung.android.app.updatecenter
com.samsung.android.rubin.app
com.samsung.android.smartsuggestions  # smart suggestions
com.samsung.android.smartmirroring
com.samsung.android.mydevice
com.osp.app.signin  # samsung account
com.samsung.android.scs
com.samsung.android.hwresourceshare.storage
com.samsung.android.mcfserver
com.samsung.android.app.parentalcare
com.samsung.android.inputshare
# com.samsung.android.app.routines  # modes and routines
com.samsung.gpuwatchapp
com.samsung.storyservice
com.samsung.android.game.gos  # game optimisation service
com.samsung.android.intellivoiceservice
com.samsung.android.appseparation
com.samsung.android.da.daagent
com.samsung.android.sm.devicesecurity
com.samsung.android.kmxservice
com.samsung.android.gru
com.samsung.SMT.lang_vi_vn_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_es_us_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_en_gb_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_th_th_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_es_es_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_ru_ru_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_pl_pl_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_es_mx_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_it_it_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_de_de_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_fr_fr_f00  # language pack
com.samsung.SMT.lang_pt_br_f00  # language pack
